I never cinema
My friends
I feel PAINT.
These are the eyes of Personal Advocate.
We're waiting for the beauty of generate
Captivated by the mouth're
Father, I'm going to the place where I was born.
Omitsu, you've come to this place again.
It's not good to get injured.
And you shouldn't let the children catch a cold.
Oh, father, you're going to get sick again.
You'll get sick if you get sick.
Now, get well.
I was born in the middle of the night.
Time to peek.
D пред離愛情
G分離
I've been looking for the scent of your scent.
I'll enjoy it, too.
Living living in the respite of battle
Take a look at the war colours in the distance
From hide and seek
Fellow
There he is!
Kamume...
Translated by Releska